what's going on you guys so before we
get into this video I gotta show you
guys my shirt let me know what you think
of it unlimited energy finally wearing
the shirt right back said it seals i
miss sure pretty much sucked when I met
him backstage so I had to go out and buy
this shirt somebody should check out
that unboxing if you haven't already but
anyways getting to the topic everyone's
been talking about it tena koe not a
business do I think it's going to happen
no why do I think it's not gonna happen
because to bring it in a million-plus
viewers a week I know it's there if even
if their house shows are dead it that
doesn't even matter because what brings
in the money is the TV ratings that you
know TV ads commercials or what not so
with or without spike TV TNA will
definitely find our network um I really
don't see them going out of business
because if you know if you gotta show
you know I think they're currently
number one or number two I think their
number two actually I'd spike TV and
I've always heard been thought about
spike TV about how they'll promote their
shows and whatnot I'm not saying that's
the reason behind you no tienes I bet it
all just their bad luck whatever it's
all this bad like that to happen lately
but I honestly see them getting in our
network and maybe if they can improve
their ratings through rest of the summer
because I know a lot of people I've been
enjoying the product lately a lot of
people they used to watch it back in
like 07 08 06 whatever wouldn't in its
prime getting back into it saying you
know they're glad the six outer rings
back I got people like Hogan and them
Hogan stuff Bischoff gone I don't know
what the hell this whole thing is with
Russo I like I got no idea I know people
are saying he signed with the company
people are saying he's not signed with
the company so I got honestly no idea
but uh I just don't see them going on
business I know they recently or I don't
know I'm not a hundred percent but I
thought I heard something recently about
them re-- signing a contract with the UK
challenge TV or something so that's
money right there for them um so yeah I
see them getting a new contract let me
know you guys think let me know what you
guys think is going down with this I
just don't see a show that's getting a
million-plus fuse a week searching for a
new network and not being able to find
one
so I honestly said getting r1r you know
just I don't know maybe maybe it'll be
live if they go to different network who
knows but I honestly see them getting
another network I just don't see the 1i
busy and you got people like Bill
Goldberg on Twitter saying TNA is
closing its doors you don't no wonder
that I don't even listen to that guys
podcast because he's just saying stuff
like that trying to get attention it's
you know it's really stupid but TNA is
not gonna go out of business uh you know
I know I had a great time at teaneck TV
tapings when I went to that tina TV
taping when they first went on the road
I don't know if you guys remember first
one on the road last year around March
and that was in bullard read my sign
Bully Ray pretty much tell me was got
punch me in my face told me f you I made
a whole video out of that and if you
ever seem to check it out with Dana life
impact Chicago and what's crazy about it
the whole video was it was a 20 minute
video or like a nineteenth nineteen
minutes I'm long video and I uh I
tweeted it out on Twitter I think I send
it to like Bob rider or something and I
guess Bob rider texted Dixie Carter dead
video like he sent it to her phone and I
guess she watched the whole video the
whole 20 minute video on her phone or
whatever when they were in the hotel the
next day and I remember sleep and i'm
sure i'm told this story before so sorry
if you guys are hearing again I'll
asleep in a lot bed him all of a sudden
my phone starts ringing this is the day
after or actually two days after day
after i posted my video but animals i've
been up to like friday or saturday i
think was saturday posted the video and
on friday or fried apples the video on
saturday i was getting a phone call and
if the whole thing was on Thursday so uh
yeah posted the video on Friday the next
day saturday i'm getting a phone call
black column like who the hell is called
my phone and i go back to sleep it's
like ten o'clock in the morning or
something like what the hell it's called
my phone black number so I just you know
send it to voicemail go back to sleep
and then all of a sudden hour later
ringing again like black number i'm like
what the hell is this black number
picking up black number screw you I'm
going back to sleep go back to sleep and
then about 30 minutes later I'll wake up
I'm like going through my phone I see a
voicemail and Ric two voicemails and
they're both from Dixie Carter um pretty
much saying she watched the whole video
uh and what else was it she's watch the
whole video i hopes to see me again
again in the future I'd show or
something and pretty much saying she
really enjoyed it and she wanted to get
feedback first time she was like I'll
try to call me back in a little bit i'm
on the road right now so i'll have some
time to call you and now you know I
didn't pick up that second time because
you know I was sleeping and I pretty
much tweeted her my friend Jeff actually
treated her as well she ended up calling
me again at sunday and i was able to
pick up head of like a 15 20 minute
conversation with her it was great it
meant a lot i just really cool to be
able to you know her tell me she know
she told me i had organized a closet
guys this closet she was just like you
had an organized closet sounds really
funny we're really cool but yeah she
really enjoyed I she's just asking me
about what Gooch wrestlers and I I was
enjoying that night enjoying watching
that night who I was liking just all
that kind of stuff so really cool to
give her my feedback really cool to see
that she watched my daily life video
that was freaking awesome after that I
just just like I love making native life
videos and just that's one of my
favorite things to do guys I love making
daily videos my recent one payback
almost 40,000 views within a month
that's insane but you know thank you
guys for all the support on those videos
but anyways like I said I don't think
tna's going out of business I think TNA
is going to find a new contract I really
do think they don't find new contract
they just got to find her in person
hopefully they can improve on spike in
that state would spike that actually
better because you know switching to a
different channel always causes you know
ratings to drop a little bit at first so
let me know what you guys think and any
questions drop them down below follow me
on twitter add me at facebook follow me
on instagram we'll see you guys later
peace